hello everyone I am Jimmy Conrad and if
you're watching this then you already
know I'm in Manchester for the
incredible stupendous amazing Champions
League match up between manchester city
and barcelona two of the best teams in
Europe at this place right behind me the
FT HOD which I already pointed at after
stumbling for a couple of weeks at the
start of 2014 Barcelona is getting back
to their old dominating selves they
demolished Rio vaya con 06 nothing over
the weekend with two goals from a new
leaf it and inform Leo Messi and got so
from it on the men named are unreal if
you guys haven't seen it check it out
while Manchester City on the other hand
exorcising demons when they knock
Chelsea out of the FA Cup but struggle
before that losing the Chelsea at home
one nothing and drawing with Norwich on
the road 00 and of course there's still
without two key players and Sergio
Aguero Bernardino though my favorite
part of this whole affair has to be that
players from both teams have been
talking some trash leading up to the
game with Samir Nasri call him Barcelona
weaker and danneel des claiming city is
a club based on money and not tradition
so tension should be at an all-time high
when the whistle blows for kickoff so
taking all that into consideration and
the fact that Barcelona seems to be
hitting their stride right now with
messy looking like his old self Alexis
Sanchez and Pedro growing in stature and
some guy named name are coming off the
bench it looks like barsa could steal a
victory here but city is fantastic at
home it will be feeling good after
getting Redemption against joe say
Mourinho so I'm predicting a stamp it
2-2 tie that's me going out on the lam
2-2 tie in the other match of the day
PSG travels to buy arena to face buyer
leverkusen who have never lost to a
French team and European play now like
I've been saying all along I think this
is a psg team that is built to win the
Champions League and they are primed for
a deep run and that run starts today
however one factor that could
potentially derail that run is the
absence of Edinson Cavani who's been
sidelined since january thirty first
with a thigh injury this puts even more
pressure on the mighty Zlatan
Ibrahimovic who's produced some of his
best performances in the Champions
League the season
and scored eight goals in the group
stage is second only to Cristiano
Ronaldo PSG will also have an added
boost in the form of Yohan Cabaye a i
miss you Johan who adds depth to an
already strong midfield which is why I
can't believe you left my tune as for
Leverkusen despite being the better side
for most of the game they lost a Schalke
at home over the weekend we've got some
good news when they welcome back Sidney
Sam from injury if leverkusen want to
chance it advancing to the final eight
they have to recapture that magic from
earlier this season that made Sam Stefan
Kiessling and hangman's son one of the
best attacking trios in Europe and made
them unbeatable at home or the World Cup
no longer on his radar legally pretty
much wrapped up this is the only
competition that sloth on has left to
play for and he's going to bring the
heat so stamp it PSG to leverkusen one
so what do you think of my predictions
am i right like usual or what and also
whoever picks the right score for both
of these games well have a chance to win
a limited edition Conrad Dino t-shirt or
a fifa 14 video game for whatever
console you want good luck make sure you
watch our live Champions League pre and
post game show from us international
involvement fielder Stu Holden's house
it starts at two p.m. eastern 7 p.m. in
Manchester and it's going to be awesome
come hang out with us we have a bunch of
fun see you then